README.md, before:

[![License: ISC](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC)
# Dynamic README generator

## Description
 This application dynamically creates a readme based on user input and formats it for easy reading via markdown.
## Table of contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [License](#license)
4. [Contributing members](#contributing)
5. [Tests](#tests)
6. [Questions](#questions)

### Installation: <a name="installation"></a>
 Once cloned, run 'npm i' in the main directory to install dependencies.
### Usage: <a name="usage"></a>
 Once dependencies have been installed, run 'node index.js' in the main directory to run the program.
### License: <a name="license"></a>
 This application is covered under the "ISC" license.
### Contributing members: <a name="contributing"></a>
 Robert Jarrell
### Tests: <a name="tests"></a>
 N/A
### Questions: <a name="questions"></a>
If you have any questions or concerns, my github is [jarrellrn](https://github.com/jarrellrn). Or, you can email me at jarrellrn@gmail.com.

Commit message:

added link to video demo in readme

README.md, after:

[![License: ISC](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC)
# Dynamic README generator

## Description
 This application dynamically creates a readme based on user input and formats it for easy reading via markdown.
## Video demonstration
 [Here is a video demoing the application](https://youtu.be/lAirv3jDUKs)
## Table of contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [License](#license)
4. [Contributing members](#contributing)
5. [Tests](#tests)
6. [Questions](#questions)

### Installation: <a name="installation"></a>
 Once cloned, run 'npm i' in the main directory to install dependencies.
### Usage: <a name="usage"></a>
 Once dependencies have been installed, run 'node index.js' in the main directory to run the program.
### License: <a name="license"></a>
 This application is covered under the "ISC" license.
### Contributing members: <a name="contributing"></a>
 Robert Jarrell
### Tests: <a name="tests"></a>
 N/A
### Questions: <a name="questions"></a>
If you have any questions or concerns, my github is [jarrellrn](https://github.com/jarrellrn). Or, you can email me at jarrellrn@gmail.com.
